---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Self-Love is Honouring Yourself
date: 2020-02-14T15:04:10.000Z
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/self-love.webp
description: What is love?
tags:
  - self-love

---

Everyone has their own definition of love. I believe it's more of a feeling, desire, genuine care for someone's best interests and needs, and happily spending time together without being 'forced'. Love is so much more than this too, I'm sure you are already adding to my brief definition here in your mind.

Self-Love is harder to define. People always tell you to love yourself more, but no one can tell you how! That's because no one really knows how. But I can tell you what it involves...

In any situation you are in, check in with how you're feeling. We don't do this as a collective enough. We check in on our friends, family, loved ones, but what about ourselves? Honouring your emotions is a self-loving thing to do. 

I learned a [self-love technique](https://youtu.be/zQHv75ahYDQ) from Teal Swan that I want to share with you. Every morning when you wake up, for a year, ask yourself: "What would someone who loves themself do?" Don't worry about getting the answer right away, be opening to receiving that answer from your intuition. Then act on that accordingly. 

These don't have to be grand gestures you decide on either. If you're having a hard time allowing an intuitive message to come through to you, you could simply ask yourself: "Is it more self-loving to have a bath or a shower today?" - "Is it more self-loving to go to the gym or dance class today?" - "Is it more self-loving to pick up fast food for breakfast or make a nice homemade breakfast?" - "Would someone who loves themself go to school today?" - "Would someone who loves themself go to work?" - "Would someone who loves themself go on that date tonight?" etc. etc. etc.

Make time for yourself, learn to love yourself in your own way, and when something doesn't feel right to you, honour your intuition and act on that intuitive feeling accordingly. That's part of how we learn to love ourselves. 

Have a wonderful Valentine's Day everyone!

With Love and Radiance,

Olivia Pileggi

